[memgraph-2.5.1-release < add-memgraph-2.5.1-changelog] Add changelog (#647)
memgraph/docs: docs/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed bug on LOAD CSV where Memgraph would use much more RAM than needed to load whole CSV file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The LOAD CSV clause now uses less RAM to load a whole CSV file. 
```
